c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\obj\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\obj\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\obj\Debug\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuestionAndAnswer\QuestionAndAnswer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
